What’s a skill or hobby you’ve picked up recently?
What’s your favorite app or website, and why do you like it?
If you could live in any city, where would it be?
What’s the most adventurous thing you’ve ever done?
Do you prefer binge-watching a series or watching movies?
If you could meet any celebrity, who would it be?
What’s your dream vacation destination?
What’s a trend or challenge you’ve seen online that you’ve tried?
What’s your favorite social media platform and why?
What’s your favorite type of music or artist right now?
If you could have dinner with anyone from history, who would it be?
What’s your favorite kind of food or cuisine?
What’s a memorable road trip or trip you’ve taken?
What’s a creative project you’ve worked on or want to work on?
What motivates you when you’re feeling stuck or uninspired?
If you could change one thing about the world, what would it be?
What’s your favorite way to relax after a long day?
What’s something new you’re excited to try this year?
If you could instantly master a language, which one would you choose?
What’s the best advice you’ve ever received?
What’s a show or movie you recommend to everyone?
What’s something you’re passionate about and want to share with others?
What’s the most important lesson you’ve learned so far in life?
What’s something you’re proud of but don’t talk about often?
If you could change careers tomorrow, what would you do?
What’s your favorite weekend activity?
Do you prefer working in a group or solo?
What’s a hobby you’ve always wanted to try but haven’t yet?
If you could only watch one TV show or movie for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What’s something that always makes you laugh?
Do you believe in fate or do you think we make our own destiny?
What’s the best advice you would give to your younger self?
What’s one place you’d love to visit in the next five years?
What do you think is the most important quality in a friendship?
What’s the last book you read or podcast you listened to?
What’s the biggest challenge you’ve faced, and how did you overcome it?
What’s a talent or skill you wish you had?
If you could live in any fictional world, which one would you choose?
Do you believe in astrology or any other forms of predicting the future?
What’s your idea of a perfect day?
What’s the most meaningful gift you’ve ever received?
Do you have any traditions that are important to you?
What’s your favorite thing about the place you live?
What’s your dream car or mode of transportation?
What’s the most beautiful place you’ve ever been?
What’s something you’ve learned that completely changed your perspective?
What’s one thing you want to accomplish by the end of this year?
What’s a trend you can’t get behind?
What’s the best meal you can cook or wish you could cook?
What’s something you think everyone should try at least once in life?
What’s one thing you want to do in the next 5 years that’s outside your comfort zone?
What’s your go-to comfort food?
What’s your favorite subject in school, and why do you enjoy it?
What’s the last thing you learned or discovered that really excited you?
If you could create a club at school, what would it be about?
What’s your favorite game (video, board, or sport), and why do you like it?
If you could hang out with any character from a book, movie, or show, who would it be?
What’s your dream way to spend a school break or summer vacation?
What’s a skill or talent you’ve always wanted to learn?
What’s your favorite way to relax or unwind after a long day?
If you could instantly ace one class or subject, which one would it be?
What’s something fun or interesting you’ve done recently with your friends?
